Hi within this lecture regarding to take care of this upload view controller we want to choose a picture
from photo gallery.
So we're gonna just implement this features very fast because we have done it several times from now
on.
So I have to have a tab to select picture over here so I'm going to create this inside of my sketch
so that you can actually let people know that they have to click on this image view to side picture.
Now as you can see I'm doing that in sketch so you can do that in photoshop.
You can do that in paint.
You can do that wherever you want.
You can use my own picture from github account so please yourself.
So I'm going to have the green file over here and I'm just going to add some text on this and I'm going
to say something like tap to select picture.
OK so let's say tap to select image.
OK.
So let me make this a little bit bigger because I believe we have some room to go over that's like this.
Yep I believe that's good.
So let me export this file so that we can use it in our image view.
I'm going to name this something like SELECT image.
OK now I'm going to export this SPF Energy and I don't want to save this for vamp I believe.
So let me uncheck design and save it.
And here you go.
Now I can delete this and I have to bring this in.
So let me open my assets folder first and I'm going to bring this in.
So here you go.
Now let me go to my main story Bart because I'm going to bring in this image using my Image view.
Now user will know to tap here.
So let me go to my settings.
No upload.
We have controller because in the upload we have controller we want to have a clickable Image view.
So first thing to do is say upload the image view.
That is user interaction enabled is true.
OK.
And then later on I'm going to create my gesture recognizing it as usual.
So this will be a UI tap gesture recognized.
And this will ask us for a target and a selector.
So Target will be self.
So I think there will be a function.
So I'm going to create that function over here so this is an object to see function choose picture.
OK.
And I'm going to give this as a selector over here later on I can just say upload Image view dot at
gesture cognizant and I'm going to add our gesture recognize there over here later on I'm going to create
a picture.
So this will be a you I image picture.
OK.
So you I image speaker controller yep this one and this will the speaker will have the delegate as s
and once we do that we have to come over here and they sign this.
We have controller to be a UI image speaker controller delegate and a UI navigation controller delegate.
OK.
So once we do that we can come over here and specify the source type as well as photo library and then
I can just present this and say so that present.
So present the speaker which of course affirmation and without any completion.
So after we had to specify what will happen once the user chooses the picture in order to do that we're
going to call that function called did finish speaking.
OK so this one remember this gives us an informal dictionary and we are going to say upload image view
that image will come from this info dictionary and we are looking for an original image and we're going
to cast this as a UI image so we can dismiss this later on.
And animation will be true.
Completion will be nil.
So let's test that.
Let's open our simulator and if we can see the picture in our UI Image view then it means that we are
going to be ready to upload our picture to the server.
And that's very gets exciting.
OK because we get to work with models we get to well see the advanced features of our year base.
So let me click over here and open any photo from photo library.
And here you go.
Now we can see it now all we have to do is just to implement this upload feature.
And again this will be exciting because we're not going to upload this feature as it is as we have done
before.
We have to figure out a way to upload the user name to the fire store and also we have to figure out
a way to group all of this picture into one post so that we won't see some Instagram like feed but rather
we just going to see some snapchat like feed and we're going to do that within the next lecture.